Assert equals is not the only assertion we can use.
There can be other assertions as well.
For example, the fail assertion that we have used earlier is also an assertion and this one is called
conditional fail assertion.
It unconditionally or intentionally fails test method without checking for any conditions and there
are other assertions as well.
This assertions are actually static methods that come from Jupyter API package, assertion class and
I have imported them using the input statement here, imprint static.
And then I have used star symbol to input all assertions from the assertions class.
But if I remove this star symbol and look into this class, I'll see that there are many different overloaded
versions of assert equals.
For example, each version accepts different types of input parameters, and if I scroll down, I'll
see many other assertions that I can use in this test method as well.
And I can type the name of assertion to filter this list a little bit.
For example, in this test method we have used assert equals, but there's also an opposite assertion
that is called assert not equals.
This assertion will help you verify if the two provided parameter values are not equal.
If the are equal, then this test method will fail because this assertion will throw an exception.
And there are other assertions as well.
For example, there is an assertion that is called assert true and this assertion will help you validate
if the provided value is true or false.
If that is true, then the unit test will pass.
Otherwise this assertion will throw an exception and unit test will fail.
And there is also an assertion that is called assert false or assert now for example, and assert not
now, for example, to validate if the object that method under test has returned is not now.
And there is also a assertion that helps us to check if the method under test has thrown an expected
exception and that assertion is called assert throws.
Or if we want to validate that our method does not throw an exception, then we will use.
Assert does not throw.
All right.
So currently our class interprets all of this assertions.
Using Asterix or Star Symbol.
And we can use this assertions to validate the result that our method under test has returned and make
a decision whether this unit test should pass or fail.
You will see how many of these assertions work as we create more tests in this video course.
Right.
So let's continue to the next lesson.